---
position:
  source_url: http://metacommunications.com/careers/?p=job%2Fol5N4fw1
  type: Full Time
  title: Project Manager
  company: MetaCommunications
  company_url: http://metacommunications.com/
  location: Iowa City, IA
---

<p><span>At Meta, we believe in the power of teams. Everything we produce at Meta is built around our core mission: enabling people to communicate, collaborate and achieve more together. We want teams to work together efficiently, to be connected with each other, to understand their shared priorities and to see clearly how each team member contributes to the end goal. Our company and our software, Workgroups DaVinci, are built to honor this mission. </span></p><p><span>We’re looking for a great Project Manager to join our team. As a Project Manager, you’ll help teams at some of the largest brands in the world leverage the Workgroups platform to transform the way they work. During the initial deployment, our project managers work with customers to create a tailored i<span>mplementation scope and plan and manage the customer </span><span>experience</span><span>&nbsp;from kick-off through go-live.&nbsp;</span> In this role, you will work with an array of internal team members to outline use cases, map workflow processes, develop an implementation schedule, and schedule development work. </span></p><p><span>U</span><span>ltimately, as a PM, you’ll support long-term customer success through ongoing services, support, and education. Our goal is to drive value for the customer and our end users and create customer champions excited to talk about their experience with Workgroups. </span></p><h3><b>Responsibilities</b></h3><ul><li><span>Drive successful customer implementations from initiation through launch by managing scope, budget, timeline, resources and the customer relationship </span></li><li><span>Plan, manage and communicate the progress of the implementation, both internally and externally</span></li><li><span>Work with client and internal team members to develop schedule, scope and proposal documents</span></li><li><span>Own the organization and maintenance of all project related documentation </span></li><li><span>Gain necessary approvals for development outside original project scope</span></li><li><span>Track project time and materials, produce billing documents </span></li><li><span>Translating customer requests to clear, concise software engineering/development requirements</span></li></ul><p><b>Requirements</b></p><ul><li><span>4-year degree </span></li><li><span>Prior experience in project management, preferably leading implementations or owning the customer experience </span></li><li><span>Strong written and verbal communication skills including executive-level presentation </span></li><li><span>Strong organizational skills </span></li><li><span>Ability to identify business challenges and shape solutions that fit within our company vision </span></li><li><span>Affinity for technology and enterprise software products </span></li><li><span>Ability to speak fluently about the product to non-technical users and buyers </span></li><li><span>MS Office proficiency </span></li><li><span>Ability to manage several projects and customers concurrently while managing pressure and deadlines </span></li></ul><p><b>Nice to Have</b></p><ul><li><span>Knowledge of software development methodologies </span></li><li><span>Ability to understand customer needs and match with opportunities </span></li><li><span>Experience with Wrike preferred (and/or other project management software)</span></li><li><span>Prior experience working with technical and non-technical teams including engineering, sales, and executives </span></li><li><span>Basic understanding of marketing processes including campaigns, projects and workflows </span></li></ul><p><span><br></span><b>MetaCommunications</b></p><p><a href="http://www.metacommunications.com/"><span>MetaCommunications</span></a><span> develops workflow and collaborative productivity solutions that help marketing, creative design, packaging and prepress workgroups around the world be more productive. MetaCommunications has over 1000 business customers including 3M, Anixter, Allstate Insurance, Bath &amp; Body Works, Bon-Ton, Bridgestone, Crate &amp; Barrel, Diageo, Eddie Bauer, Fox Sports, Mead Johnson Nutrition, Menasha, Merck, National Geographic, Pfizer, Staples, Sony, TJX, Talbots, United Nations, USA Today, Village Roadshow, Wilton, Yamaha, Younkers, and more.</span></p><p><i><span>MetaCommunications is an Equal Opportunity Employer.</span></i><span> We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, sexual orientation, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. If you have a disability, please let us know if there's anything we can do to make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate. As a US employer, MetaCommunications is required to verify all employees, regardless of citizenship or national origin, are eligible to work in the United States.</span></p>
